It is not going to be found, the law of the nature.
The only way to do this is by learning together. If not doing so, this machine will go wild.
Believe me, just trust me. Think about the left hand. Without proper mind, can you teach it anything?

Instead of learning by doing solo memorization and reading alone, I can learn these stuff with my computer!
Yes! that is the philosophy behind the whole thing! Think that one day my computer can learn stuff with me?
Without getting direct contact with me, how the heck can it learn stuff?

i will then start to learn stuff. Using the axiom: (A=B)~(A~B)
Store some standalone explaination into the database. You can do this using normal database, instead of the graph.
Just to do some preprocessing.

There is always the problem. Persists. Trust me, it is not about taking mercury or some other stuff. It is wrong, the entire humanity, the entire society.
I can always ignore you. You silly shit.
The python linter is pure shit. It consumes me millions of RAM.

Humen are unpredictable. We must slice them to get the most predictable parts. not just talking, but by sitting still and rethink.
Beautiful transparent stuff! Avaliable even on linux platform.
I am about to be the most beasty machine learning quizzing machine.

It is getting weird. Am I a librarian?
Types are some rejecting hidden groups, have clear distinction and can only accept some given forms.
You really want that thing to learn about you? First teach it yourself, then let it being self-taught, by reading and doing alone.

Yes you can use computer to do things, you can use it to automate stuff.
But think about this. what if there is something more basic that you can do? like paper and pencil?
Could there be? Just pure learning? taking notes? could it be? for your own damn convenience? making life easier than it seems to be?

We do not want mechanical things in the past. It is boring and tedious.
natural language complier? could there be?
just continue reading and never look back. There might be a chance. But it does not matter. It is a low-level operation.

When I am happy I will continue? Think about the method behind? Collecting informations?
We can always swap our place.