I can always recall the first day i saw it.

what the heck!
ai can write code, but it is in brainfuck, not like any other programming language I've learned so far.

worst of all, i even cannot tell where the heck i saw this example!

fortunately, internet's got decent memory. i can retrieve this shit anytime.
https://github.com/primaryobjects/AI-Programmer

maybe a custom intepreter of brainfuck will be better?
a highlighter for brainfuck?
WTF!

haskell vs. brainfuck! perfect fucking combination!

apt install beef gir1.2-cattle-1.0 hsbrainfuck libcattle-1.0-0 libcattle-1.0-dev libcattle-1.0-doc libghc-brainfuck-dev libghc-brainfuck-doc libghc-brainfuck-prof

the speed is limited. but i've made things offline.

The command below just won't work. I do not know why.
    firefox -P scraper -headless --screenshot  yankee.png "file:///root/AGI/lazero/brainfuck/fix_x_torch.html"

It turns out to be a pop-up over the place. Error message, but being ignored.
So toggling switches is needed when SHIT happens.
Set it to default profile and retry.

it is all about headless mode and screenshot.
and they are combined.
fuck.

maybe it is about the canvas? too damn big?
so never do screenshot to unbounded objects.

using highlighter to highlight HTML? what the heck?

reminder:
    httrack --continue http://rosettacode.org -W -O "./rosettacode"  -%v

it is not too crazy, not yet.

do some content classification for all kinds of things.

always like hell.

One thing particularlly good for web applications: if you don't place data decently, then people will scrape your site decently.

it could lead to problem, about the way you sit.

CYBERPUNK.

consider download that notebook.

to start early doen't mean to win.

to define some retrievable, reversible actions, so both us and machine can understand the mechanism.

discard of patience, but focus on speed.

it just needs more practice.

the unknown-sorting problem: how to quantize things like words, actions, commands?

it keeps growing, if you keeps collecting.

it doesn't help me much, about reading things over that.

copy. init the values. try again.

MACRO=MICRO.

we can use imaginary numbers as some expectations. just make something comes along with the input, and add some custom imaginary numbers.

the curse of parameters. as you can see, to build a state-of-art cat classifier, we wind up using truth tables, linear-regression, all need some later-defined parameters.

these things need to be predefined, like any operate system. and they can communicate freely.

THESE THINGS NEED TO BE PREDEFINED, AND THEY CAN TAKE ANYTHING AS INPUT.

THROW ANYTHING INTO IT.

worst thing is about having a name. we do not have name in our mind. we only have relationships.

we will have a plan, to generate things out of many, to have online datasets, real-world datasets, and a temporary memory model.

what is good for us? we have nerve systems, we trust our nerves, and to disable it we must use chemicals. think about this strong relationship.

maybe your corp is stronger than mine. but who fucking cares? you've got people to earn your penny, and i've got my machine to do the same.

i have to admit, i never let the computer to learn anything in particular.

why we take words serious? cause it is highly associated with our instincts.

first, the structure. second, the name.

what is the use of recognizing a cat when it's not time to do so? mathmatician states.

custom brainfuck intepreter.

yes we should be amazed by those package managers. but what is this all about? it is like seeing some self-pedaling fish from the ancient era.

drawing can never be wrong. though all you need to do is imitation.

coding can be wrong. there's always strong error message. it is like running on blade.

so you're saying you've written some wrong code? you know my brain, currently outdated so far, is way not suitable to travis n-dimentional space.

the curse of dimentionality, is why my mind can't be free.

apt, mono, wine, windows platform, haskell, so many shits to explore. you're gonna blow.

it is not me, not my personal difficulty which made this happens. no. it's the convenience of computers.

you want something alive? better do some dirty hacks.

we are not taught about relationship between math and surroundings. not in the way that is universial.

maybe it's finally the time... to read some code.

to put it into some use.

code often be useless, as you might see.

without library, without procedure, only some metachars.

not capable, not runnable, and not reachable.

piles of shit.

just everybody wants everyone to focus on their shits. how comes?

all console users strongly believe that there's magic gonna happen if they just keep typing.

also for gui users, keep clicking and typing and magic will happen.

magically, nothing happens, but for clogged brain vessles and death.

apparently, the derivative may not be obvious when you consider some concrete functions, such as a program.

it depends on the data, logic and more.

ok. time to rewind this shit, putting into a graph representation and more.

for capsule network, multi-agent training and GCN.

why the hell you want to listen to the fucking radio?

just calm down. there are many variations here.

no instinct, no knowledge.

PLEASE! JUST GIVE IT A CHANCE!

about to launch the multi-editing enviorment.

multithreaded changing the entire file. <-> global lock?

the 10000x times slower rule.